The quality of service assuring soaring guide is a really good guide to use for both study as well as
for real world applications.
It has as an example recommendations for classification and marking so as an example voice traffic should
use an IP precedents of 5 a per hop behavior or GHB which is similar in concept to DCP of E F and DSP
a 46 per hop behaviour essentially is a CLOs.
So what class of traffic Will traffic be put into and how will it be treated on a per hop behaviour.
In other words by each node in a network how will your Rodders and switches treat the traffic the physical
marking would be 46.
So that's the DCP and at least to your costs in your edit to the one queue head it would be set to 5
and the NPL less experimental bits will be set to 5 as well called signalling protocol such as sub or
a 2 to 3 I use an IP presidents of three proper behavior would be either a f 31 or C S three and the
DCP would be either 26 or 24.
That's because there are differences in the way that phones mock traffic depending on how old they are
bulk data as an example would have an IP presidents of 1 per hop behaviour of a F eleven DCP of ten
and a cost experimental value of 1 the different ways to create classes depending on how close you are
to the edge of the network.
If you're at the edge of the network in other words you right here where your pieces and phones are
connecting to the network you may use multiple classes such as the quality of service baseline model
but in a lot of cases as you get closer and closer to the core.
So in a core empire less network as an example they'll end up only having four or five classes they
will aggregate traffic classes into fewer classes as you get closer to the core of the network.